Okay, this problem's goal is exactly the same as the last one.
So, really it's just the code that's changed and let's see what's different.
To start off with their heads simulation,
we're initializing and declaring a variable
here called raspberryPrice, and we're setting it to five.
And this next line here is the first time we're displaying something,
and we're saying 1 box dollar sign,
and then whatever the current value of raspberryPrice is,
which right now is five.
So this is going to print out one box $5.
Seems pretty good. Now, in the next line things change up a little bit.
We're taking raspberryPrice and we're changing its value to ten.
Note, that doesn't change what gets displayed here,
this is already displaying one box $5.
In area two, we're saying two boxes dollar sign,
and then the current value of raspberryPrice, which is ten.
So, two boxes $10, looks good.
Now we move to the next line,
which is going to be displaying in text box three,
it says three boxes dollar sign,
and then raspberryPrice, which is currently ten times three,
which would make this 30.
That's a little bit problematic because now we're saying three boxes is $30,
where it should be $15.
So, we see this difference arise because unlike the previous example,
we are changing the value of raspberryPrice in the middle of the program,
and hence, simulating sort of helped us see this.
This is an example where it's so important to keep
track of your instructions and exactly what's going on.
If we didn't really record the fact that the variable had changed to ten,
we wouldn't have seen the error here.